[terraform] is no more open source (#3843)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/terraform.md

-   releaseCycle: "1.0"
    releaseDate: 2021-06-08
    eol: 2022-05-18
    latest: '1.0.11'
    latest: "1.0.11"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-11-10

---

> > [Hashicorp Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) is an open-source, infrastructure as code,

Reviewer: this might be confusing, but the BUSL licensed part is only for 1.6+

> > [Hashicorp Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) is a source-available, infrastructure as code,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [Hashicorp Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) is a [BSL-licensed](https://www.hashicorp.com/bsl) infrastructure as code
```

So users can easily access to information about the license.

> Generally Available (GA) releases of active products are supported for up to two (2) years. Eligible

Reviewer 2: We could add a paragraph like this one at the end:

```markdown
On August 10, 2023, HashiCorp [announced](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/hashicorp-adopts-business-source-license)
that it was switching Terraform's license from the MPL v2 to the BSL v1.1. This means that
Terraform is no longer considered open source software in the traditional sense, as the BSL
license contains some restrictions on how the software can be used and distributed.
```

WDYT ?
